User Registration
	create user with provided user name , password + confirmation 
	and default profile. provide initial edit to the user to input
	user details to be stored with the user
User Detail Update
	provide for First and Last name, Phone address and Email
	input from user to be updated on the user record
User Login
	provide username and password validation from user input and
	authentication; providing configured, possibly default, security access
	on success.
User Account Creation
	provisions for the creation of user accounts either on user registration
	or by an administrator. 
	( As an administrator i need to be able to create an audit account, checking or savings, for a selected user ).
	( As a registering user i need to have an account created by the system on my behalf or i need to be able to 
		request the creation of an account or accounts for my usage as user.)
User Deposit Transaction
	Provide Form allowing specification of checks and or cash for deposit
	execute deposit on selected user account
	( As a user( web site user), bank teller(user type?), or ATM(user type) i need the ability to record a deposit 
	transaction through api or web form on a user account. )

User Withdrawal Transaction
	Provide Form allowing specification of a cash amount for withdrawal from user account.
	verify and execute transaction on selected user account.
	( As a user( web site user), bank teller(user type?), or ATM(user type) i need the ability to record a deposit 
	transaction through api or web form on a user account. )

User Transfer
	Provide data form specifying source and receiving accounts with amount. verify data and execute
	transfer on selected accounts.
	( As a website user, bank teller or ATM, I need to access means and methods to transfer money between my accounts and or my 
	account to others accounts. ) ~Wire Transfers / Transfers as products~


Account List
        provide a form showing a list of all accounts with options to show summary or
        detail results per account
User Account List
        provide a form showing a list of all accounts selected by user with options to show summary
        or detail results per account
Account Summary
        provide a form showning accout balances for a given account - with sub accounts rolled up
        or without
Account Details
        provide formatted output ( form ) showing account balances and identifying details for
        each account and sub account for a selected user. provide option to list all transactions
        for each account.

User Check Transaction (optional)

User Checkbook Request
	provide for selection and submission of request for checkbook distribution for a select user account

Admin user roles/authorities managment
	provide form(s) allowing for the creation, edit and application of user roles and authorities for access management

Admin grant access to account activities
	provide for the selection or deselection for user transfer, user deposit, and user withdrawals ( per user? OR per account?)

Admin Freeze/Block account
	provide selection of account and status update to enable or disable all account activity

Admin Checkbook Request Authorization
	provide a list of pending checkbook request (orders) and provid for the authorization for delivery and update status to indicate.

Account capabilities and capacities - 	
provide a means of defining and constraining the capaicities of a given account and account type and allow for system
        administrative configuration and limitiation/constraint of those capacities for purposes of prodcut modeling
        as well as concerns of security administration
	seems to reflect on the security aspects for limitation of user activity but this is in fact the definition of what can be done.
Bank resource manager
	define a means to isolate and control components of the application as it relates to the busines objects and or proccesses of 
	the banking services provided.
 
