Sprint I	Base framework
Sprint II	Basic Account Services
Sprint III	Additional Account Services
Sprint IV	Admin Services and Web Portal ( User and Admin )


Sprint I	Base framework

Angular face - minimal with security facade ( login/register | signup/signin )
SpringBoot API and Security
	Basic API resource control
	0Auth2 - desired but optional 
Users and User management 
	Basic security roles
	Custom Autentication -- adapted from prior projects
	Custom UserDetails -- for password encryption and database storage of user data/credentials 
Dev/Ops
	Jenkins CICD and Docker with GitHub tracking
	Angular, Springboot and MySql Docker images and configurations with webserver( NGINX )
	AWS Deployment**


Sprint II	Basic Account Services

Data API definition and implementation
SQL DDL for basic account services
SPringBoot API development
Angular Web interfaces for account services.
Account services include - 
	Users and user details - access and view
	account creation for basic checking
	transactions for deposit and withdraw 
	transaction logging and provision for transactional integrity of 
	those transactions. 

Sprint III	Additional Account Services

User request for checks/checkbook
PRIMARY checking accounts with optional linked sub accounts for Savings and Checkingand
Account Transfers, within a master account - sub to master or vice versa
Transfer of funds from/to another account - potentially at another bank? wire-transfer or other means of transfer product distinctions possible.
	minimally, distinct services should be provided for inter-account and intra-account transfers.
Web and Data interfaces for all accounts services, including additional SQL DDL descriptions.


Sprint IV	Admin Services and Web Portal ( User and Admin )

Expansion of user security roles and authorities definition for access control.
User access managment for Transfer, Deposit, Withdraw services - enable/disble user service block.
Full account freeze
Admin Authorization of requested checks... ( potential to include this in Sprint III)
Finalization of webfront style and layout for Admin Portal and User Portal.


